I moved 17 times in my baby seventies. It's a lot of ghosts. Frankly,
before I was married, I I didn't have a care I would move anywhere to
do to get the job. I wanted to be in California, all the shift those
born and raised in Brooklyn. So I took the first ship I could find
out of the West Coast. After that, the detailers would call me and
say, You've done a bang up job and now we've got a tour for you on the
USS Fife and the life was coming out of the yards in San Diego and
going to your piece. Get your pants. So that was the change of whole
port, which you may or may not experience again. Your your time.
So the other. In my time, there was a lot of moving around. The idea
of home standing and staying in one port really wasn't a tool that
was available now. They tried to keep personnel in the whole court to
minimize the amount of moves, but frankly, it can be done. It has
done a lot for personnel that are assigned to you. Goose get to Seventh
Fleet to fifth fleet once they move you out there, they like to
keep you there so they'll move your back to Goto far ahead. Schools
go to XO school. Good to see old school, but they'll send you right
back to you. Kuska, um and or fifth fleet war out to six. Fleet in the
med. So nice thing about that, uh, Homestake pieces. It's easier
on the family staying hold. If you happen to be married, you're not
married. You know pretty much you're gonna pack your seat back. You're
kidding. Double where you where you want to go. And that's if you're
if you're not married. But if you are married, this goes back to
John. Paul Jones joins Navy in the world. If you're willing to travel,
they will send. You don't want to travel. You can figure out a way
to stay in the whole board. It's it's more walking around and finding
a job before the detailers will work with you to keep you there
if so desired. Personally, I I as I said, I moved 17 times like her
a lot, so I I didn't have a problem